>> Jen Kramer: I have ne more thing
I want to add for the Select.
We put in the selected value here,
on line 46.
We added selected because that is
the thing that is selected by default.
Just because we've put selected there and
it happens to be the first thing
in the list, that's great, but
did you know of course that we can
move selected anywhere we want?
So I could put selected down here,
Alien dinner and discussion.
You can do that.
>> Jen Kramer: The first item doesn't
have to be the one that's selected.
Does that make sense?
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: So if you do that,
it still shows in the same order?
>> Jen Kramer: It'll still show
in the same order, by default-
>> Speaker 2: It'll say select one at the
first glance, but they've already selected
one for you to cram it down your throat.
>> Jen Kramer: Right so
in this case, Alien dinner and
discussion is pre-selected.
When I click on the Select I'll
still see select one,
tour of the solar system, and
then under it, the other options.
>> Speaker 2: Basically,
make that the default option for
anybody who doesn't select one,
I've sort of selected it for them.
>> Jen Kramer: I selected one for
them, correct.
Can anyone think of a use case
where this might actually work?
Or a situation where you may actually want
to select something that's not the first
thing in the list?
>> Speaker 3: If it was like 90% of
the time what was selected by people?
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, something that's
going to be selected by somebody a lot.
So for example, you have a list of states,
and you are a restaurant,
you're right here in Minneapolis and
people are ordering takeout.
Are people ordering take
out from your restaurant in
Massachusetts or Virginia,
or even Wisconsin?
Wisconsin's closer but you know still
a long drive to go get it there, right?
Okay, so in that case,
if you had a list of 50 states,
you might want Minnesota
to be pre selected.
And clearly M in Minnesota is not at the
top of the list of states in alphabetical
order, right?
So this is a reason that you might want
to choose something in your select list
that's not the first thing.
Make sense?
But 99.99% of the time,
it's probably the first
thing on the list that you want selected,
right?
Okay, so we'll go ahead and move it back.
Likewise, I didn't tell you about
this about radio buttons, but
we can pre-select the radio
button as well, okay?
So by default we have no
radio button selected, but
if you want one choice selected as
people go into the form you can do that.
Which one would you like selected
by default, anybody, yeah?
>> Speaker 4: Classic.
>> Jen Kramer: The classic, okay, so what
we would do here is we would say checked.
Checked is our value.
>> Jen Kramer: So, if you say check there,
that radio button will
be selected by default.
>> Jen Kramer: And,
when we refresh our web page, there it is,
it's selected by default,
classic oval UFOs.
Obviously you can chance it
to something else, right.
But by default the first one is selected.
>> Speaker 5: Can we have two name values,
like 1,2?
>> Jen Kramer: 1,2?
If you have a value like 1,2,
that is not you're passing 1 and 2.
You're passing 1,2,
the whole thing as a unit.
Make sense?
I don't know what you're
gonna do on the backend, but
you're passing the whole thing as a unit.
You're not passing two values.